Add docs on how to use MDX with app (#44923)
vercel/next.js: packages/next-mdx/readme.md

## TypeScript

Follow [this guide](https://mdxjs.com/advanced/typescript) from the MDX docs.

---

# App directory

## Installation

For usage with the `app` directory see below.

```
npm install @next/mdx
```

or

```

> yarn add @next/md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @next/mdx
```

```

## Usage

> Create a `mdx-component.js` file in your project with the following contents:

Reviewer 2: Hey there @timneutkens 

Should this file be in the app folder, or the root of the project? 

Trying to get this working on a local project and I'm guessing I won't be the only person with this question!

Author: Root of the project!

> Create a `mdx-component.js` file in your project with the following contents:

Author: ```suggestion
Create a `mdx-component.js` file at the root of your project with the following contents:
```

```js

> // This file is required to use MDX in the `app` directory.

Reviewer: Only with the plugin, right? Because third party libraries can work with it?

export function useMDXComponents(components) {
  return components
  // Allows customizing built-in components, e.g. to add styling.
  // return {
  //   h1: ({ children }) => <h1 style={{ fontSize: "100px" }}>{children}</h1>,
  //   ...components,
  // }
}
```

Create a `next.config.js` in your project

```js
// next.config.js
const withMDX = require('@next/mdx')({
  // Optionally provide remark and rehype plugins
  options: {
    // If you use remark-gfm, you'll need to use next.config.mjs
    // as the package is ESM only
    // https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-gfm#install
    remarkPlugins: [],
    rehypePlugins: [],
    // If you use `MDXProvider`, uncomment the following line.
    // providerImportSource: "@mdx-js/react",
  },
})

/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  // Configure pageExtensions to include md and mdx
  pageExtensions: ['ts', 'tsx', 'js', 'jsx', 'md', 'mdx'],
  experimental: {
    appDir: true,

>     mdxRs: true

Reviewer: Is this required?

Author: Yeah it is, @next/mdx as JS doesn't use the latest MDX version currently.
